that's a definite possibility for cloud
nine absolutely certainly won't want to
repeat before t1 will kaboom win the
vote they have done a goblet size with
rope against cloud nine now rise can
trade with you but he cannot push back
the minions as fast as you can so it's
gonna go about the jungle press on top
there's that level to a Lightbringer
straight through Minerva the two passive
shots to him as well in lemonnation
doing it again grabs brush control as
sudden would it be possible in that
bottom Lane spit still go to dances
ignite is down but Dan's takes an ignite
over from lemonnation and sneaky is
actually getting the assist on that won
his first blood goes to lemon painting
face going for long long time moves a
farming see what happens here they're
gonna go in dances there they weren't
ready but he managed to jump straight on
toward some job was gets hooked him
there's no follow on though whenever
can't go through he's got himself
intervention available there we go he's
gonna have to burn anything it's just
gonna walk on through now it may need to
burn into bed you know flash comes out
there's the intervention gets
so this Dragon Boat flower nam was cloud
nine was X kaboom is using cloud nine
though because the killer is bottom Lane
tower they can in see the swap top the
boom is already or the arch you cannot
go on a dancer yeah you'll bleed you're
ready to go at any time gonna catch on
so chuckles easy gonna land is not
counted in trouble oh penis is it
flashed through almost missed out took
downtown hit they try to gift it across
and said meteos will finish it up but
income ten owns the delay and the flash
already used by media said cost him his
life hi the chompers gonna stop him
catching on towards maneuver Snee pocket
I can do too much they'll know though
wine is replicating those wards isn't
gonna hurt they're keeping the same
vision to keep themselves all these did
a bit of defense still long-range poke
we said we're gonna come from cloud nine
after they were utilizing right now Oh
repel that's going to be the teleport
coming in from blood will they decide to
initiate the box is really disengaging
cloud nine but like we said they're able
to slam outside boss goes down
immediately on that when the
intervention is down as well do they
have a chance to follow up on this looks
like they'll take it he wasn't taken
that much damage finally caught the big
worn down but high nearly lost his life
defending in there that was a very close
a good job was that forced him to run
around in a houseboat route 9 in a
sticky situation off the side here the
sun goes down videos called out in it
let me know it in trouble the rock is
coming through repels away donegal
trying to give chase elimination gets it
away this has given up the soft our two
balls they do finally get to kill on the
support but to loot they got lamination
preheated really low and then end up
chasing him
give up this myth towers all
died of lung and a Gorn indeed and get
this part of the game and they don't
want to drag it but it only starts to
hurt us he was dodging the Sun we're
looking left me I threw out food locked
out they're gonna go in that could get
in he's got the power that's the stuff
elimination blowing up our the rocket
doesn't quite doubt that sneaky but
cloud pretty quick they have an
efficient team to do so good wave clear
and good ability to slow it down he gets
locked up by dan's making the plays come
food comes up with three and they're
gonna be taking the mid turn as well
possibly meteos doing what he can on the
side they're gonna say we don't need
minions this one's going down too
they've got another wave coming through
that could just keep going if they want
it there's a lot of depth I'm is still
13 20 seconds on the two carries left
him off the side gotta get in and get
out he's got the ward now they're gonna
turn focus on him he's gonna run away
boys is gonna catch it slow he just gets
out of vision nice all to usage will it
be enough to get him away i don't think
it is doesn't snow flash available he's
going to get locked out the rest of
Kabuto who closes the gap on him here
and not sure if they can make a picot
time you know that's our job done gansan
that's work here was for Fleet down ago
against the cheeky spot I don't think
they're gonna be able to get the steel
on this wall cinema team to come in and
basically frontier awards
boom itemizing so much better weld aegis
is out there do they use McHale here to
get dance for himself but he doesn't
know he's down for 30 nearby hints we'll
see where the cloud nine make it count
solo as well he was caught in the
crossfire a moment ago they're gonna
have to turn away from this 109 are
gonna push them off this while the
jumpers go down for the black shield
prevents that going on towards high now
otherwise one of them would have been
hit and boarded idea rugged going in my
elimination and raising Shaboom joining
good hands catching the rocket zaps
missed as well about 33 minutes on the
clock they're it gonna go over 80 left
he throws down the Alt key but he gets
slowed as well not gonna be able to
return any damage on this it's all in
defense through prison will be up pops
that down did you get the ultimate
intervention out of all they turn back
on to him that's a missed put coming in
from Daniel Tania's as well so they have
time to refocus but never getting a
reset are they able to come up big on
this fight this app actually hitting the
back side of sneak until they have
vision on the far back side of cloud
nine right now but cloud nine is pushing
forward Oh coming
a good dog from 10 owns that clean up
coming from sneaky as he takes the off
from chin notes as well and that starts
to fall in cloud nine favor they're
going to keep on pushing for that
inhibitor people are fun to respawn note
so they're going to get this and gandy
walking in those big fancy defending is
to it no I taking a better chunk net
left trying to get that burst happen
sneaky and balls continue in the rocky
lands on them they may well chases one
they're going to push out all the hook
so close the on you again gas goes in
plaster flavor will pay the price with
his life and now cloud nine your turn of
course back on the kyboot just flashing
you throws back the lands and nobody's
actually going to click that I can know
you're on your own mate and insofar next
turn its they are getting pushed off a
bit here kaboom looking to go for broke
when they get locked up left gets hit by
a dart finding a few more shots coming
in focus on to the Nexus and it is going
to be cloud nine coming up for the
victory over kaboom later on today it
was a risky game though they sought
showed once again kaboom they had to
burst they called them out in that
minute lane and it pushed and took them
two towers
I wants to go